01. Endorsi orginally felt she should not fight her
Season 1 Episode 27 
Endorsi: I first saw her during the test and we just happened to team up. 
The Huge guy had already been with me. 
anyways, WHEN I FIRST SAW HER I FELT THAT I SHOULDN'T FIGHT HER. 
That's why I decided to team up with her for now.

Anak: You felt that you shoudn't fight her. 

Endorsi: Yeah it's hard to explain. 

Anak: Is she that strong?

Endorsi: No not really. 
The huge one is strong but Rachel, well I guess I should say, she is different.
She feels like someone who lived in a different world. 

02 She left Baam and entered the tower 
Season 1 Episode 27
Rachel: Bam was a lonely boy.
He was always alone and lonely. 
Before he came up the tower, the only friend Bam had was me. 
When he heard that I was going up the tower Bam cried and told me not to go. 
But I left him and entered the tower.

03 Rachel tells Khun about her dream to reach the top of the tower and see stars
Season 1 Episode 27
Rachel: Have you heard about the legend of the top of the tower?
Khun: The top of the tower?
Do you mean the legend that says you can see the real sky and stars when you get to the top of the tower?

Rachel: Yes.
Since the time i first heard about it when I was young I always dreamed about myself watching the stars at the top of the tower. 
Everytime I close my eyes , I saw the infinite sky with numerous stars
** We see Rachel on top of the tower and we see the sky and stars 
It was so beautiful even in my imagination that I wondered if I might go blind if I saw it in person. 
Just the thought of it made my heart pound.
My one goal in life is to reach the top of the tower someday. 
....
Even now, I can see the stars when I close my eyes. 
Such beautiful light feels my heart and I can't sleep at night. 

04. We see flashback of Rachel telling Baam about her dream to see the stars
Season 1 Episode 28
Bam: She sometimes told me the stories about sky and stars.
Rachel: Bam do you know what's at the top of the tower?
....
At the top of the tower there is something called the sky 

** in the background we see Jahard's sign
Baam: sky what's that?
Rachel: ...There's a wide sky and the stars rise and the night falls. 
It's NOT the night we are afraid of.
It's a beautiful night. 
The real night. 
I will go there for sure one day. 

** We see Rachel dreaming about stars towards the end of Season 1 Episode 30

04. Rachel was considered the 'best seed' alongside Khun in Position test 
Season 1 Episode 28
We get a table of who is assigned where and the best performers are considered 'best seed'.
Under lightbearer we see 2 best seeds:
1) Khun Aguero Agnes
2) Michelle Light ( Rachel)

Lero ro explains what the best seed is ( same episode ):
Best Seed?
People with the title 'Best Seed' are the ones who did well in the previous tests. 
One person was choosen per test and they get a bonus point in the final positioning.
...
The best seed tag is given fairly, and after a thorough evaluation.

** In season 1 Episode 29 we get the same thing with pictures

05. The irregular Quant talked about was actually Rachel 
Season 1 Episode 56
Leroro thinking to himself:
This test, there is something off about this test. 
Green April, Black March , two Jahards, a girl who is an irregular and a boy with dangerous talent. 
