// Rachel Tells Wagnan that he has Jahard's blood 
[ Season 2 Episode 229 ]

Rachel: 'You're pretty depressed for someone who's inherited the blood of Jahard.'
Wagnan[ who looks shocked says]: What are you...!

Rachel [ holding the jahard ring on her hands]: 
This. 
This is your ring right?

Wagnan: Why do you have that ring?
Rachel: Don't worry the others don't know about this. 
Especially not Hoaqin. 
I know a bit about it. 
What this ring means. 
Because I know one other person who has a ring like this. 
You guys are the fatal weak point point that Jahard tried to hide but ultimately survived. 
You've gained powers that you were not supposed to have 'Prince of red light district'.

Wagnan [looks shocked] : !! Who are you? 
How did you know that?

Rachel: You must have heard from Bam. 
I'm also an irregular. 
I'm working with the fug that's why I know a thing or two. 
I was wondering why you were climbing the tower with Baam. 
Were you planning on using Bam to get revenge on Jahard?
But you wouldn't be able to use him like that. 
Why don't you work for me instead?

Wagnan [ still looks shocked] : What?!!

Rachel: There's a peice of Enryu's thorn hidden in the floor of death. 
The thorn that Baam has is only a part of it. 
If you can get the complete thorn you might find out how to beat Jahard and his immortality. 
You know what means don't you?
Of course that alone wouldn't be enough to bring down his world completely. 
But it could be a critical rupture that would start the collapse of his world.
And you know about the key that opens the door in this tower right?

The Day that Jahard announced that he would stop climbing the tower and become a king;
he hid the key that can open the door to the higher floors. 
That's why no one in the tower can go any higher than 134th floor.
Jahad left half of his key with great blacksmith named ashul edwaru.
He had that half melted and formed into 13 weapons to make the princesses fight among themselves with those weapons. 
And the other half vanished somewhere. Where could it be ?
That other half is right there within these three rings. 
isn't it?
When all of you are able to climb the tower the door on this tower will open again. 

---------
